Update TM&B in guides section of docs (#1187)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/guides/stacks/dbrs.rst

********

The Database Reference Stack is integrated, highly-performant, open source,

> and optimized for 2nd generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors and Intel®

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and optimized for 2nd generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable processor family and Intel®
```

Author: I believe we are good to use 'processors' per the sample usage chart provided in the names DB (which shows an example of 'processor' pluralized).

Hardware Requirements
*********************

* Intel Xeon Scalable platform with Intel® C620 series chipset

> * 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor CPU (Intel® Optane™ PMem-enabled stepping). Provides cache & memory control.  Intel Optane PMem works only on systems powered by 2nd Generation Intel® Xeon® Platinum or Intel® Xeon® Gold processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor CPU (Intel® Optane™ PMem-enabled stepping). Provides cache & memory control.  Intel Optane PMem works only on systems powered by 2nd Generation Intel® Xeon® Platinum or the Intel® Xeon® Gold processor.
```

Author: I believe we are good to use 'processors' per the sample usage chart provided in the names DB (which shows an example of 'processor' pluralized).

   When updating DCPMM Firmware, all DCPMM parts must be in the same mode (you cannot mix 1LM and 2LM parts).

> The latest firmware download for the Intel Server System S2600WF is available at the `Intel Download Center`_

Reviewer: Revert to original: Intel® Server System, per DB.
Yes on removing "Family"

Author: I think we can leave the (r) off as this is second use of name on the page. The specific system (s2600wf) isn't part of the name.
